README.md, before:


<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Desktop Version] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Portfolio]** is my fourth project.

# Screen Shot of Complete Project

![screencapture-127-0-0-1-5500-index-html-2023-02-25-18_17_09](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83637292/221367681-6452fd99-bd60-4a60-86a9-6b92a1d5d7d9.png)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- **[Using Node Module]**
- **[HTML Linters]**
- **[CSS Linters]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

https://github.com/Nelofarzabi/Desktop-Version

### Install

Install this project with: 

```sh
  cd Portfolio-project
 npm install
```
### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

npm install

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

👤 **Nelofar Zabi**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Nelofarzabi)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/NelofarZabi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nelofar-zabi-1a1066213)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!--FUTURE FUTURES -->
## Future Features <a name ="future-features"></a>
-[ ] **[Portfolio]**
-[ ] **[Mobile Version]**
-[ ] **[Desktop Version]**

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Nelofarzabi/Portfolio-project/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give a ⭐️  

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank from Microverse

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed. licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

Commit message:

Add deploy link to readme file

README.md, after:


<a name="readme-top"></a>

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📖 About the Project](#about-project)
  - [🛠 Built With](#built-with)
- [💻 Getting Started](#getting-started)
  - [Setup](#setup)
  - [Prerequisites](#prerequisites)
  - [Install](#install)
  - [Usage](#usage)
- [👥 Authors](#authors)
- [🔭 Future Features](#future-features)
- [🤝 Contributing](#contributing)
- [⭐️ Show your support](#support)
- [🙏 Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)
- [❓ FAQ (OPTIONAL)](#faq)
- [📝 License](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# 📖 [Desktop Version] <a name="about-project"></a>

**[Portfolio]** is my fourth project.

# Screen Shot of Complete Project

![screencapture-127-0-0-1-5500-index-html-2023-02-25-18_17_09](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/83637292/221367681-6452fd99-bd60-4a60-86a9-6b92a1d5d7d9.png)

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- **[Using Node Module]**
- **[HTML Linters]**
- **[CSS Linters]**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>


<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## 💻 Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running, follow these steps.

### Prerequisites

In order to run this project you need:

### Setup

Clone this repository to your desired folder:

https://github.com/Nelofarzabi/Desktop-Version

### Install

Install this project with: 

```sh
  cd Portfolio-project
 npm install
```
### Usage

To run the project, execute the following command:

npm install

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

### Deployment

You can deploy this project using:
https://nelofarzabi.github.io/Portfolio-Desktop_Version/


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

👤 **Nelofar Zabi**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/Nelofarzabi)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/NelofarZabi)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/nelofar-zabi-1a1066213)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!--FUTURE FUTURES -->
## Future Features <a name ="future-features"></a>
-[ ] **[Portfolio]**
-[ ] **[Mobile Version]**
-[ ] **[Desktop Version]**

<!-- CONTRIBUTING -->

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](https://github.com/Nelofarzabi/Portfolio-project/issues).

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- SUPPORT -->

## ⭐️ Show your support <a name="support"></a>

If you like this project give a ⭐️  

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- ACKNOWLEDGEMENTS -->

## 🙏 Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

I would like to thank from Microverse

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LICENSE -->

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./LICENSE) licensed. licensed.


<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>
